feat(curriculum): add English Morning/Evening Routine block (#52393)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-discuss-your-morning-or-evening-routine/655b2919ff561b60fcde19ae.md

---
id: 655b2919ff561b60fcde19ae
title: "Task 83"
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-83
audioPath: curriculum/js-music-player/We-Are-Going-to-Make-it.mp3
---

<!--
AUDIO REFERENCE: 
Maria: Then, on Wednesdays, I go to a local theater group. Practice goes until 9 PM. We perform small plays. It's really fun.
-->

# --description--

This challenge focuses on understanding `where` Maria goes and `what` she does on Wednesdays.

# --question--

## --text--

> Where does Maria go and what she does on Wednesdays?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where does Maria go and what does she do on Wednesdays?
```

## --answers--

She attends a painting class at a local studio

### --feedback--

> That is not the activity Mariaattenrs on Wednesdays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is not the activity Maria attends on Wednesdays.
```

---

She goes to a local theater group for practice and performs in small plays

---

She visits a friend's house to watch movies

### --feedback--

> That is not the activity Mariaattenrs on Wednesdays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is not the activity Maria attends on Wednesdays.
```

---

She works late at her office

### --feedback--

> That is not the activity Mariaattenrs on Wednesdays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is not the activity Maria attends on Wednesdays.
```
